♪ Opening Song ♪
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second
half of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and learn
all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR]
Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] After a series
of fierce battles,
the Straw Hat Pirates
have reached the waters
of the New World, ruled by
the Four Emperors.
On the island of Punk Hazard,
Luffy forms an alliance with
the Warlord, Trafalgar Law,
and goes into battle
against Caesar Clown,
Master of the island.
[CAESAR CLOWN]
You shouldn't underestimate me.
[grunts]
[VERGO] Rumor has it
that you're a Warlord now.
That's one hell of a promotion.
When did you get here... Vergo?
[VERGO] It had to be done.
This territory belongs to Joker.
I can't allow anyone to walk out
of here knowing his identity,
can I?
Uh, hey. Who's this Joker?
[sighs]
[LAW] He is a member
of the Seven Warlords,
authorized by the Government.
Donquixote Doflamingo.
[LUFFY]
"Save the Children!
The Master's Evil
Hands Close In!"
[snores]
[LUFFY]
Doflamingo.
Who's that again?
He was at the
Battle of Marineford.
Surely you saw him there.
He was on the Navy side, huh?
Hmm... Mmm...
Oh, that guy!
[MARINES gasp]
Hey, pal. Do you remember me?
First you turn me down,
and now you wanna
team up with Whitebeard?
You got some nerve
playing me like that.
[laughs]
The bird dude, right?
[LAW] He's not someone
you take lightly.
Can't deny that.
Also, shortly after the
battle in Marineford.
I heard word that Doflamingo
struck down Moria ruthlessly.
That's crazy.
--[BOTH gasp]
--[footsteps]
[BOYS]
Huh?
[GIRL B gasps]
It's Master!
[BOY K]
Master.
[BOY L]
You're here!
[USOPP gasps]
I see. You're the bastard who
kidnapped these children.
He shouldn't be here right now.
That means something bad must've
happened to Luffy's team!
[CAESAR CLOWN laughs]
You should be ashamed.
How could you do
such a horrid thing?
[NAMI (SANJI)]
Excuse me?
The children are suffering!
Why would you take them away
from my warm, safe lab?
[NAMI (SANJI)]
What?
No fighting! We're not in
a good place right now!
Maybe because you were holding
them against their will?
[USOPP] This guy's got a bounty
of 300 million and Logia powers.
We're way out of our league!
[NAMI (SANJI)] I don't know what
awful things you're plotting
here and I don't care, either!
These children told me
they wanted to go home.
I can't even imagine
what their parents
are going through right now!
So mark my words, we are getting
them far away from you!
[laughs]
Let's ask the children what
the really want, shall we?
[GIRL E]
Master!
[NAMI (SANJI)]
Wait!
Master!
[USOPP]
Hold on a sec!
[breathes heavily]
He's a bad guy, okay?
He's gonna put you in that
lab and never let you go!
[heavy breathing continues]
[growls]
Outta my way!
[USOPP groans]
[NAMI (SANJI)]
Usopp!
I need candy.
[NAMI (SANJI) gasps]
[BOY Q]
Master, give me the candy!
[CHILDREN chatter]
[laughs]
There you go.
Come along, children.
I'll take good care of you.
Don't listen to a word he says!
He's trying to trick you!
[NAMI (SANJI)]
Don't you want to go home?
[gasps]
Don't touch me...! Cockroach!
[gasping]
There's bugs!
They're everywhere!
--[gasps]
--[BIYO grunts]
[USOPP]
Nami! You alright?
Um, uh-huh.
Sorry, you've left me
with no choice!
[NAMI (SANJI)]
Usopp, no!
Stop it! We can't let it
go on like this, dammit!
The kid's hallucinating!
He thinks there's
bugs everywhere!
[NAMI (SANJI)]
I know, but--
You can't turn your
weapon on a victim!
This isn't their fault!
Take these chains off!
You're hurting me!
We gotta do something
about this!
These kids are gonna flip out
and smash us to pieces!
[NAMI (SANJI)] We're not
getting anything done...
...till we stop him!
[laughs]
[KONBU]
This hurts! Let me go!
[UZU yells]
[DOLAN yells]
[USOPP yelps]
They broke free!
I knew they were strong,
but this is too much!
[CAESAR CLOWN laughs]
Good children!
Look how powerful
you've become!
[gasps]
That bastard!
[MOCHA grunts]
Candy...
[SYND pants]
Master.
We need it.
[BOY M]
Master.
[BOY N]
Give it.
That's enough! You're finished!
This one should work
well against gas!
Special Attack! Fire Bird Star!
[USOPP]
Move it, kids! Watch out!
[USOPP, NAMI (SANJI) gasp]
[CAESAR CLOWN laughs]
Did you think I would
simply explode?
Your understanding of
science is flawed.
Pay attention! I can put out a
fire long before it reaches me!
Why? Because poison gas
isn't the only kind!
The oxygen all around
us is gas as well!
And what that means... is that
I can control the nearby air
with the greatest of ease!
Wait a sec.
That's not good.
[laughs] Your fire died out when
I removed the oxygen around me.
Why don't we see what happens
when I remove yours as well!
[GIRL H]
Master?
[BOTH gasp]
[BOTH gasping]
[CAESAR CLOWN laughs]
Just like this!
[USOPP gasps]
Hang in there!
Black... Ball!
[NAMI (SANJI)]
Storm Cloud--
[gasping heavily]
[SYND]
Master.
Please... Candy.
Candy.
[SYND]
Hurry.
[CHILDREN murmuring]
[gasps]
[CAESAR CLOWN laughs]
Ah, yes. Since I'm here,
you're likely wondering if
Straw Hat ran into me.
[grunts]
Indeed, he did. Along with
two other friends of yours.
I made them suffocate,
just like you!
[groans]
[gasps]
[laughs]
[SYND]
Hey...! Where's our candy?
[BOY A]
Master! Hurry!
[BOY D]
Candy! Candy!
[BOY C]
I can't wait!
[GIRL F]
It hurts!
[CHILDREN whimpering]
Give it! Give it to me!
[CHILDREN]
Huh?
[CAESAR CLOWN]
Listen up, children.
I have plenty of candy, but I'm
only giving it to the good boys
and girls who come
back to the lab.
At the lab? You promise?
If you'll be good.
[CHILDREN]
Mm-hm!
Uh-huh! I'll be very good!
[CAESAR CLOWN] Can you behave
just a little while longer?
[ALLY, SYND]
Uh-huh, uh-huh!
We'll go back, but hurry!
Yes, yes, soon enough.
Just one last thing.
The people who tried to take
you away are very, very bad.
And because they
hurt you so much,
I'm going to need
you to kill them.
For candy?
[grunts]
[grunting]
Just grab a pipe or a big rock
and crush their
miserable skulls!
[BOYS grunting]
[BOYS shout]
No... Stop.
I can't move. I'm blacking out.
[BOYS yell]
[BOYS grunting]
[USOPP, NAMI (SANJI) gasping]
[BOYS yell]
[gasps]
[grunts]
[yelling continues]
Caesar!
[BROWNBEARD shouts]
[USOPP, NAMI (SANJI) gasp]
[BROWNBEARD grunts]
[CAESAR CLOWN laughs]
[NAMI (SANJI) pants]
It's Brownbear!
That's close, but no.
Forgive me, Straw Hats! Ha!
I finally see the truth!
[CAESAR CLOWN laughs]
Wait, who are you again?
Oh, yes! You're one of my
dutiful lackeys, aren't you?
Your name was, uh--
Brownbeard! Left me for dead
and forgot about me already?
[CAESAR CLOWN laughs]
I was only kidding, of course!
But what happened to you?
All those awful injuries.
Why, it looks like
you were shot!
[BROWNBEARD]
Huh?
You can't fool me!
I know what you did!
[BROWNBEARD gasps]
[BROWNBEARD]
Huh?
Ah. It's all coming back now.
[SCOTCH]
You're Brownbeard, aren't you?
Just so ya know, you happen
to be on our hit list, too.
[CAESAR CLOWN] He's a fool, so
it was easy to manipulate him.
But now he's become
a nuisance.
I don't need his
services anymore. Kill him.
[CAESAR CLOWN]
The Cool Brothers.
[CAESAR CLOWN laughs] Yes, I do
recall asking a favor from them.
And all this time,
I trusted you.
No reason to be mad!
[CAESAR CLOWN]
I underestimated your worth,
but it's all water
under the bridge now.
You're still alive.
Why it seems everything
is just dandy!
[BROWNBEARD]
Shut your mouth!
[BROWNBEARD yells]
I'll kill you!
[MOCHA, DOLAN gasp]
[CHILDREN shout]
Careful, children!
It's dangerous here!
You'd better get aboard the
Flying Gas Balloon outside!
I'll be with you shortly!
[CHILDREN yell]
Wait, don't go!
We can still help you!
[CAESAR CLOWN laughs]
Caesar!
It's my fault that you
tricked me. That's fine.
I'll bear that
suffering on my own.
But I won't let my crew
go through the same hell.
Give them back. I'm taking my
men and leaving this place!
[CHILDREN shouting]
Huh?!
"Your" men? There's no
such thing, you fool!
If I recall, every last one
of you pledged your allegiance
to me when you came here.
You're not the captain
of anything anymore.
You're a failure!
You'd all be dead without me!
[BROWNBEARD growls]
[USOPP] Hey, Nami!
Let's go after the kids.
Right!
[CAESAR CLOWN] All the little
fools who couldn't make it
in the New World will keep
worshipping me as their savior!
They're not good
for anything else.
I only keep them around
as my guinea pigs,
just waiting for
their turn to die!
I'm gonna smash you!
[CAESAR CLOWN]
Gastanet!
[BOTH gasp]
[USOPP gasps]
That looks bad.
Do you think he's okay?
[BOTH shout]
[laughs]
[yelps]
[gasps]
[CAESAR CLOWN]
Gastanet!
They're going to chase
us forever, aren't they?
How long until we
reach the lab?
Huh?
[SANJI (NAMI)]
Dammit!
[ZORO gasps] There's nothing
left on the other side
of the lake. It made it across.
[KIN'EMON] At least we know
we won't have any more
to contend with.
All the pieces are
forming together again.
[BROOK] It's getting
rather large, I'm afraid!
[ZORO] Doesn't matter.
Just keep running to the lab!
Right! I'm on my way!
Momonosuke!
Open up the damn door!
Give us our
Captain back, now!
[MARINE D] And Smokey,
while you're at it!
[MARINE B]
Huh? Is it leaving, or what?
Creepy. All of 'em are
headed the same way.
I've got a bad
feeling about this.
[CHOPPER]
All right.
I've got some sedatives and
I know how the drug works.
This wasn't supposed
to be a rescue mission,
but I'll come up with something.
[CHOPPER]
Easy... Easy...
[CAESAR CLOWN laughs]
[CHOPPER yelps]
[CHOPPER]
Whoa. What was that?
[GIRL G]
I need my candy.
[BOY I] Why hasn't
the Master come back?
[BOY P]
Master.
[GIRL I] Where did you go?
You said you'd be here.
[CAESAR CLOWN] This is Caesar.
Are you there, Monet?
[MONET]
Uh-huh.
I retrieved the
children without difficulty.
Did you prepare Smiley's food,
as I asked?
I followed your instructions
to the letter,
so everything is in
good order. As always.
[MONET] The Marines are still
stuck in front of the shutters.
[MONET] We can transfer the
Straw Hats whenever you see fit.
[MONET]
And the Video Transponder Snails
are on standby outside.
[CAESAR CLOWN] I see. So when my
adorable little Smiley arrives,
we can broadcast the experiment
for all of our
associates to see?
[MONET]
Certainly.
Splendid. Connect me
to all the receivers now.
[MONET]
Right away.
[CAESAR CLOWN]
Ahem!
A fond hello, to all you
illicit brokers out there.
I do apologize for
the short notice.
But you're about to witness
something extraordinary.
I've found the
perfect opportunity
for this demonstration.
This is a poison gas
weapon I've developed.
Much like the one
you saw four years ago,
but with some new
features the Government
could never hope to recreate.
At any rate, it just so
happens that I have some
uninvited guests on the island.
They're going to aid me
in my live test today.
[CAESAR CLOWN]
Intimidation, war, annihilation.
It has a variety of uses.
If it happens to
tickle your fancy,
I would be more than
happy to make a deal.
[MARINE C]
You can't stop us forever!
[KILLER] Poison doesn't
seem like your style.
[KID]
It's not.
But, hey. It never hurts to
watch a little carnage, does it?
[NARRATOR] The grusome details
of the secret agreement
between Law and
Caesar become clear.
Meanwhile, while fleeing
the smilies,
Zoro's group encounters
a giant object.
One that marks the true
beginning of Caesar's
horrifying project.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"Shaking up the New World!
Caesar's Horrendous Experiment!"
I'm going to be
King of the Pirates!